before we start the documentation, we have to say that we got help/assists from chatgpt and gemini ai, thank you.

firstly as we make our application at first in python, we were stuck in terms of where to start so we asked ai to help out and it gives us clues on what might be
recommended to use in order to code further.

We went ahead and updated server.py so that it can run until the call to shut down is sent, while also adding try and catch to see any errors that occur when a client connects or sends a message. Client.py was adjusted to connect through the port and send a message to the server, but it is running to errors when attempting to connect - error 1011. Unsure of exact cause, but am looking into it. 

Error was Echo utilizing path as a secondary argument, removed the second argument. For testing, server respond to client's messages with a repeat of their message. 

This was then changed with await websocket.close() on server.py and more adjustments on client.py that contain something like handling for ConnectionClosedError and it started to work with pings functioning in both sides.

It was adjusted once again to remove path, as it is unnecessary when using later versions of websockets. Changed echo to messaging, as the function has changed to allow messaging between clients through the server. As of right now, we utilize ws, which is not as secure as wss, but we have not created / obtained a certificate for SSL - which means it will be unusable until then. Along with this, the code has not implemented a heartbeat mechanism, meaning that the clients will disconnect from the server if no message is sent in time.

Instructions:
Install python and websockets on two systems.
Once they are installed, run server.py on one system, and wait until "Websocket server started on ws://127.0.0.1:7890" has popped up. 
Once that has popped up, run client.py to join the server on the first system.
Run client.py on the second system and enter your user input on either client to communicate with the other.
(For the URI, make sure to set [127.0.0.1] to the local IP of the host system. This can be found by entering ipconfig into cmd prompt in host system.)